Added documentation around system streams (#4710)
kurrent-io/EventStore: docs/server/features/streams.md

- $stats
- $projections
- $scavenges

::: warning
EventStoreDB uses a **`$`** prefix for all internal data, such as **`$maxCount`** in a stream's metadata, or **`$all`** in a stream name. Do not use a **`$`** prefix for event names, metadata keys, or stream names.
Doing so may result in conflicts with internally created streams. It is also not recommended to write data to or modify existing data in the system streams except as detailed below.
:::

#### Non-specific System Streams

The following system streams are created by the system regardless of which subsystem is active:

| Stream name format      | Purpose                                                                                                                                                                        |
|:------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **`$all`**              | Record of all the events in the database irrespective of stream. Events in the $all stream are ordered in the sequence they are written to the database.                       |

> | **`$users`**            | Record of users in the database. All events have the reserved type **`$User`**.                                                                                                |

Reviewer: `$users` and `$users-{name}` streams will only be created if [Basic authentication](https://developers.eventstore.com/server/v24.10/security/user-authentication.html#basic-authentication) is enabled, and won't be created if using Insecure, LDAPS, or OAuth.

|:------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **`$persistentSubscriptionConfig`**             | Records the configurations of all persistent subscriptions. A new event is added each time a subscription is updated, added or removed.                                                             |
| **`$persistentSubscription-{name}-checkpoint`** | Holds the checkpoint of a persistent subscription. This stream is created when a subscription checkpoints the first time. Each checkpoint thereafter causes a new event to be added to this stream. |

#### Scavenges Stream

Below are the streams created by the scavenging subsystem:

| Stream name format | Purpose                                                  |
|:-------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|

> | **`$scavenges`**   | Records the results and states of scavenging operations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **`$scavenges`** | Indexes all scavenge operations that have run on the cluster. |
| **`$scavenges-{scavengeId}`**   | Records the results and states of a specific scavenge operation. |
```
